# DriverPass
Southern New Hampshire University: System Analysis and Design Project


The client is DriverPass that expressed need to provide a driving learning management system, so that learners can pass the DMV exams. The system provides course contents up to date with DMV rules and regulations and driving lessons with driving instructors. My job was to learn what the needs of DriverPass were, and then design the system to present it to them. In this whole process, one thing I feel I did well was that the different UML diagrams done represent most of what the web application will have and do. I also tried to make the powerpoint presentation such that it was simple but covered the DriverPass system. An area I would like to improve is the business requirement document and the system itself. The document is mostly made up of bullet points, but it would be better to create paragraphs and make a narrative. For the system, the system considers package registration, but it should also consider student's signing up online and in person. The system only works if the student is already registered, and the username and password is already in the database, so the student may or may not be able to choose username and password; it may actually just be provided as part of being in the system. It's better if this can be automated online, and there should also be a forgot password feature in the system. This helps the administrators. <br/>

Considering users needs were done by knowing what a learning management system does. It provides learning resources like reading and assignments. It should also track the learner's progress and provide a point based system like grades for example. The other aspect was security. The system includes password security such as it's complexity and any sql statement pattern. There is also a brute force attack prevention in place. Therefore, learning management system features and security best practices was the approach taken to meet user's needs. <br/>

Before creating a system, it's important to first create a plan by drawing up diagrams like: classes, activity, and sequence. The system design helps plan how the system is created, how it addresses concerns like security, and user's needs. If it's a team based project, then it brings the team to the same page and the team can then discuss what works and what should change as well. The diagrams helps serve the team as documentation, so the diagrams should always stay up to date if there's a system in place already. 
